Added documentation (#20)
virelay/virelay: docs/source/user-guide/index.rst

==========
User Guide
==========

> You have familiarized yourself with ViRelAy and want to dig deeper? In the user guide you will find in-depth guides on all features of ViRelAy, on how to run ViRelAy using the WSGI HTTP server Gunicorn, on how to create projects from custom classifiers and datasets, and on how to find anomalous classification behavior and outlier dataset samples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have familiarized yourself with ViRelAy and would like to dig deeper? In the user guide you will find in-depth guides on all features of ViRelAy, on how to run ViRelAy using the WSGI HTTP server Gunicorn, on how to create projects from custom classifiers and datasets, and on how to find anomalous classification behavior and outlier dataset samples.
```
